Fix typos (#39465)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/document_object_model/reflected_attributes/index.md

For normal reflected properties, updates to the property are reflected in the corresponding attribute and vice versa.
For reflected element references this is not the case.

> Instead, setting the property clears (removes) the attribute, so that the property and attribute no longer reflect each other.

Reviewer: Is this more accurate?

```suggestion
Instead, setting the property clears the attribute (sets as `undefined`), so that the property and attribute no longer reflect each other.
```

Reviewer 2: Yes, it is more accurate. I have fixed it.

Reviewer: See the comment from Josh below: https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/39465#discussion_r2081353220

> Instead, setting the property clears the attribute (sets as `undefined`), so that the property and attribute no longer reflect each other.

Reviewer 3: I don't think this is correct. There's no such thing as "set to `undefined`" for attributes; `undefined` is a JavaScript code entity. Maybe some ARIA attributes have an intrinsic default value of `undefined`, but this is not a general thing. Instead, "undefines" as an improper analogy is better (and you can add it to the `terms-abbreviations` terminology), or you can say "unsets".

Reviewer: Thanks:

>"undefines" as an improper analogy is better (and you can add it to the terms-abbreviations terminology), or you can say "unsets".

I agree, either of those are better

> Instead, setting the property clears the attribute (sets as `undefined`), so that the property and attribute no longer reflect each other.

Reviewer: For simplicity:

```suggestion
Instead, setting the property clears (unsets) the attribute, so that the property and attribute no longer reflect each other.
```

Reviewer 2: okay, I have updated it in the pr.
